---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Alerts

## Overview

Alerts are proactive notifications that assist users in maintaining the integrity and
consistency of legal documents. They provide real-time feedback and warnings about
potential issues that could affect the consistency or clarity of the document.
Each alert is designed to act as a safeguard, ensuring that the legal documents you
prepare are free from common errors and inconsistencies.

### Definition-related alerts

In case of conflicting definitions (i.e., a single concept defined more than once),
definitions that are drafted in a non-standard manner, or definitions that are not used
in the document, the corresponding alert is then displayed in the definition card.

### Double number check

This alert verifies numerical consistency throughout the document. It activates when
there are discrepancies between figures in numerical and written form, or if the same
number is repeated in a manner that suggests a potential error.

### 'House style'

The 'House Style' alert ensures that the document adheres to the specific stylistic
standards of your organization. It flags deviations from predefined style guidelines,
such as the way in which dates are written, whether "and / or" should be used and so on.
We offer a range of these alerts that can be turned on or off, but we can also create
custom alerts to suit your organization's needs.

### Holiday alert

The Holiday Alert checks the dates mentioned in the document against a database of
public holidays. It notifies the user if a date coincides with a holiday, which could
affect deadlines or the execution of the contract.

### Template alert

The alert is triggered when the document contains a clause to be filled in, e.g., "The
parties agree that the [insert date] is the date of the agreement."

### Unbalanced bracket

Unbalanced brackets can lead to confusion in interpreting the document's provisions.
This alert detects any (mismatched parentheses)), braces, or square brackets to prevent
potential misreadings of the contract's terms.

### Standard numbers

The standard number check verifies the format and structure of the numbers in the document.
We check the validity of birth numbers, bank account numbers (including IBAN format) and others.

### Completeness of company names

For each company listed in the document, the plugin checks whether the company name is
listed in the vicinity of the ID number.

### Checking the existence and type of the parcel

If a parcel is listed in the document, the plugin checks if the parcel is in the
(Czech) land register and whether the correct parcel type is specified.
